hello people been wondering why I hadn't
made any music videos lately are
actually a lot of any videos lately yeah
I've been busy did want to just take
this time and today I'm going to sing
some songs from the animated version of
the hamid and a little range you
remember those the old rankin/bass
classics you know cartoon ones look it
up here you know if you need to if you
don't know what I'm talking about but
anyway these are just some excerpts from
the song some some of the songs that i
can remember off the top of my head so
without further ado here we go and I'll
just sing in black feel like stopping
and of course your freedom listened or
not as you want follow the Misty
Mountains cold to dungeons deep caverns
old we must away key break of day to
seek the pale enchanted go the dwars of
your mid mighty spells while hammers
fell like ringing bells
in places deep wet dog things sleep and
hallowed halls beneath the phils for
ancient king and elvish Lord the gleamed
many a golden hole they shaped and
wrought and lie they fought to hide in
gems on hilltops the greatest adventure
is what lies ahead today and tomorrow
are yet to be shed the chances the
changes of what lies ahead the mold of
your life is in your hands to me roads
go ever ever wrong to the lands beyond
the sea on a white ship will I sale
watching shadows pot for me leaving
friends with gentle pain as the years
have slipped away leaving friends with
gentle banging as they start another day
roads I've traveled I must leave
you for after the five old man we've not
empty cheers both green as the road
comes to an end it's so easy not to try
but the world go drifting by if you've
never said hello you won't have to say
goodbye proto and the nine thing is and
the ring of doom or of course
everybody's favorite where there's a
whip there's a way where there's a whip
there's a way oh I wish I remember the
course for that something alike but a
march all night gonna march all day but
the lord of the lashes neh neh neh where
there's a whip there's away okay that's
enough of that hope you enjoyed my
little trip down hobbit hole there and
thank you for watching